README split, edits, examples (#346)
diffkemp/diffkemp: docs/examples/linux_kernel.md

# Comparing Linux kernels

The main focus of DiffKemp is on Red Hat Enterprise Linux (RHEL), whose kernel

> includes a list of functions (kABI symbols) whose semantics should remain the

Reviewer: ```suggestion
includes a list of functions (KABI -- Kernel Application Binary Interface) whose semantics should remain the
```

same across the lifetime of a single major release. In this example, we will
show how to compare two versions of the kernel. If you want to try this on your

> own, be aware that it can take a few hours to get the results.

Reviewer: Hours, really? :D Doesn't the comparison take like 5 minutes?

Author: I removed the sentence. The sentence was not very well put, I meant the whole example with everything can take even a few hours -- downloading and preparing the kernels with `rhel-kernel-get` (2x ~50s--1.5min), running `diffkemp build` (2x ~35--50min), running `diffkemp compare`.

```sh
mkdir -p kernel
rhel-kernel-get --kabi 4.18.0-193.el8 -o kernel
rhel-kernel-get --kabi 4.18.0-240.el8 -o kernel
```

The `--kabi` option specifies that we want to download the list of functions
whose semantics should remain the same, and the `-o kernel` specifies the folder
to which we want to download the kernels. After the kernels are downloaded and
prepared, we can create *snapshots* from them and compare them.

## 2. Creating snapshots of the kernels

For creating snapshots of the kernels we won't be using `diffkemp build`
but `diffkemp build-kernel` command which is specifically made for the kernel:

```sh
mkdir -p snapshots
diffkemp build-kernel kernel/linux-4.18.0-193.el8/ snapshots/linux-4.18.0-193.el8/ kernel/linux-4.18.0-193.el8/kabi_whitelist_x86_64
diffkemp build-kernel kernel/linux-4.18.0-240.el8/ snapshots/linux-4.18.0-240.el8/ kernel/linux-4.18.0-240.el8/kabi_whitelist_x86_64
```

The `kernel/linux-4.18.0-XXX.el8/` directories are directories with
the downloaded and prepared 8.2 and 8.3 kernels,
the `snapshots/linux-4.18.0-XXX.el8/` are directories where the created
snapshots will be saved and `kerne/linux-4.18.0-XXX.el8/kabi_whitelist_x86_64`

> files are files that contain the list of kABI symbols.

Reviewer: I think that kABI should be upper-case since it's an abbreviation.

Author: Sure, I changed it. Originally I wrote it like that because I saw it written like that [here](https://access.redhat.com/solutions/444773).

When running the command, we are informed which symbols were already found
and compiled into LLVM IR (LLVM IR is used for the comparison). For some
symbols we can get `source not found` note, this is normal, so do not worry.

> [!NOTE]
> If you get `source not found` note for all symbols, there is a problem.
> It could be caused by cancelling the `build-kernel` command prematurely
> which could result in the `cscope` cross-referencer, used by DiffKemp, not

> > being build for all symbols. Removing the `kernel/linux-4.18.0-XXX.el8/cscope.files`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> being run for all symbols. Removing the `kernel/linux-4.18.0-XXX.el8/cscope.files`
```
